
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001131                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1130674500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 1130674500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37161                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    49523                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              324505082                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 847144                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      129480                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        172553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       579264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             579264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         9051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                9051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    512317205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             512317205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    512317205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            512317205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        9051                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      9051                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 579264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  579264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    1122255500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  9051                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    9049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    748.403101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.241045                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   382.703669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           77      9.95%      9.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           53      6.85%     16.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           73      9.43%     26.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           32      4.13%     30.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639            9      1.16%     31.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      3.23%     34.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      1.16%     35.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      3.23%     39.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          471     60.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     39016998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               208723248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   45255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4310.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                23060.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       512.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    512.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     8277                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     123992.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  2766960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1509750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                36496200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             73741200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            396327555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            329895750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              840737415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            744.507907                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    544195250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      37700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     547371000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  3084480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1683000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                34101600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             73741200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            408678885                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            319069500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              840358665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            744.163447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    525387500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      37700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     566192500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                         2261346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     129480                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       172553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               172518                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        387                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        13883                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      172518                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             454842                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes             83077                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads               84471                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes              45467                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        81512                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                       6483                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     75029                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                   2261346                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            14451                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                   14      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    91013     52.74%     52.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      14      0.01%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     52.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                    6483      3.76%     56.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  75029     43.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    172553                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples       253748                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000016                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000010                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.004863                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      253745    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total        253748                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples              253748                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               7.912965                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.439951                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             27.494818                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |      247759     97.64%     97.64% |        5852      2.31%     99.95% |           1      0.00%     99.95% |           4      0.00%     99.95% |         129      0.05%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                253748                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples          244610                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  3                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000000                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      244610    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total            244610                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples           9138                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        139.425367                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       134.099774                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        55.232171                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |        3149     34.46%     34.46% |        5852     64.04%     98.50% |           1      0.01%     98.51% |           4      0.04%     98.56% |         129      1.41%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total             9138                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits        72486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         9063                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        81549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       172124                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses           75                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       172199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits           13                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses          581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses          594                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits            5                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses          568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses          573                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses          563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses          567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits            5                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses          564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses          569                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits            7                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses          560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses          567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits            5                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses          561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses          566                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses          563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses          567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits            9                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses          563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses          572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits            5                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses          569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses          574                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits            5                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses          567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses          572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses          567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses          571                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses          566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses          570                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits            5                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses          565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses          570                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses          565                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses          569                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses          566                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses          570                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits            4                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses          563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses          567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     1.060429                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0         9138                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::1         9051                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18102                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         7971                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15942                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        18189                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        73104                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        72408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1303344                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       573912                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       127536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       145512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     1.292641                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0         7426                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7354                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        14708                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6479                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        12958                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        14780                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        59408                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        58832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1058976                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         5184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       466488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       103664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       118240                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.994882                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0         5716                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::1         5660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4986                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9972                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        11376                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        45728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        45280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       815040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4032                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       358992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        79776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        91008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.697305                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3966                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7932                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         7974                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        32064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        31728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       571104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        55904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        63792                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.533701                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0         2303                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2         4546                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2007                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4014                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        18424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        18184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       327312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       144504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        32112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        36608                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.298002                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1697                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3394                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3409                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       244368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        27272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.238207                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1710                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3388                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1493                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2986                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13680                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       243936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.238061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1708                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2984                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3402                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       243936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107424                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        27216                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.237624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1705                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3386                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1487                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3398                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       243792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        27184                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.297455                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1709                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1692                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2982                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3401                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13672                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       243648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23856                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        27208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.198344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1129                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2258                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1988                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        15904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.158335                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2250                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1988                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        15904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        18088                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.158383                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2254                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1986                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2263                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162288                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        15888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        18104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.158091                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2252                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1980                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2260                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71280                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        15840                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        18080                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized     0.198283                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2252                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          996                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1992                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2265                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       162144                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71712                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        15936                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        18120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.132148                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::0          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::1          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1133                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9064                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.percent_links_utilized     0.098807                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Request_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          996                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1127                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        80640                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7968                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9016                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.percent_links_utilized     0.098686                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::0          566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Request_Control::1          561                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1122                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1127                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        80784                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7936                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9016                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.percent_links_utilized     0.098807                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Request_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1130                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81072                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35640                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9040                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.percent_links_utilized     0.132635                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Request_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Request_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1002                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81072                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        36072                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8016                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        90878                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        90436                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data          442                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        39846                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        79692                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        90878                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       727024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      6511392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data        31824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      2868912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       637536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control       727024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     1.994672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         9051                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           87                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7971                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       651672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         6264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        63768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.link_utilization     0.400248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::1         9051                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         9051                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        72408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        72408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.link_utilization     3.224359                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0         7426                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7354                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         6479                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6479                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         7426                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        59408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       529488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       466488                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        51832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        59408                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.link_utilization     0.743295                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1697                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13696                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       122184                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     1.946206                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         7354                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         7354                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6479                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         7354                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        58832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       529488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         5184                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        51832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        58832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.link_utilization     2.481528                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::0         5716                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5660                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4986                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4986                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         5716                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        45728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       407520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       358992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39888                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        45728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.link_utilization     0.742831                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1493                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1493                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.498000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         5660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4986                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         5660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        45280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       407520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         4032                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        45280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.link_utilization     1.739006                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::0         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3966                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3494                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3494                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        32064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       285552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       251568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        32064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.link_utilization     0.742521                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1708                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1708                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121968                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     1.050214                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         3966                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         3966                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           42                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         3966                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        31728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       285552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         3024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27952                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        31728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.link_utilization     0.997922                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::0         2303                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2273                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         2007                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2007                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2303                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        18424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       163656                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       144504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        16056                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        18424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.link_utilization     0.741084                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1705                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1487                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1487                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1705                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.255976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          594                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          581                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          516                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          516                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          594                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        41832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        37152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.603180                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         2273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         2273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2007                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         2273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        18184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       163656                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        16056                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        18184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.link_utilization     0.741947                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1709                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1692                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1709                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0        13672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       107352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.248480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4584                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.448714                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1697                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1697                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1697                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       122184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.link_utilization     0.494815                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7952                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.248944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3992                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4592                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.448206                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1493                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.link_utilization     0.493887                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1125                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7952                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.248458                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3992                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.447786                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1492                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1694                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.link_utilization     0.494063                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1127                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7944                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.247971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.447034                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1487                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1693                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.link_utilization     0.493113                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1134                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.247286                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          566                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40752                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35640                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.447874                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1692                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1692                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1692                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1        13536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       121824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2        13536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.link_utilization     0.494660                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::0         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          996                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          996                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1139                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        71712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7968                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.247529                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          565                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.298561                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1129                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1129                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1129                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.247286                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::0          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.247264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          565                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.297787                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          994                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1125                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9000                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.246623                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.247728                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          566                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          570                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40752                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.297853                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1127                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81144                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7944                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9016                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.link_utilization     0.246335                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0          566                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2          561                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          566                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3968                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.246556                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.297345                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          990                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.246556                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization     0.246556                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35640                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization     0.298472                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          996                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2         1126                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        81072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7968                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         9008                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.link_utilization     0.248104                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        36072                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization     0.247286                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          569                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization     0.149159                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          497                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4512                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.link_utilization     0.246623                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40320                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35856                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3984                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.link_utilization     0.148606                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          498                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40320                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3984                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.link_utilization     0.246335                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          561                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          566                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40392                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35712                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3968                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4528                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.link_utilization     0.148407                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1          561                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2          561                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          561                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40392                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3968                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4488                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.link_utilization     0.246556                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          567                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        35640                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3960                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.link_utilization     0.148672                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3960                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.link_utilization     0.248104                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2        36072                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.link_utilization     0.149800                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          501                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2          563                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2        40536                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2          648                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4008                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2         4504                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket           639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples             6485                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            8.025135                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.430042                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          29.546743                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |        6270     96.68%     96.68% |          59      0.91%     97.59% |         140      2.16%     99.75% |           8      0.12%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.02%     99.89% |           3      0.05%     99.94% |           1      0.02%     99.95% |           2      0.03%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total               6485                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples         6255                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6255    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total           6255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples          230                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     144.686957                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    131.066628                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     72.601727                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |          15      6.52%      6.52% |          59     25.65%     32.17% |         140     60.87%     93.04% |           8      3.48%     96.52% |           0      0.00%     96.52% |           1      0.43%     96.96% |           3      1.30%     98.26% |           1      0.43%     98.70% |           2      0.87%     99.57% |           1      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total           230                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples            75028                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           19.022472                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.689548                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          47.770586                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |       69256     92.31%     92.31% |        5643      7.52%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |         126      0.17%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total              75028                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples        66209                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               3                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000000                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       66209    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total          66209                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples         8819                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     139.311827                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    134.173540                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     54.933367                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |        3047     34.55%     34.55% |        5643     63.99%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |         126      1.43%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total          8819                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples       172199                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.058276                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.004970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       2.838648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |      172124     99.96%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |          24      0.01%     99.97% |          40      0.02%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total         172199                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples       172124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      172124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total       172124                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples           75                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   136.800000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean   134.203775                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    24.785567                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.33%      1.33% |           0      0.00%      1.33% |          24     32.00%     33.33% |          40     53.33%     86.67% |           8     10.67%     97.33% |           2      2.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total           75                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples           36                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     55.722222                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean    13.279404                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    67.850092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |          22     61.11%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      2.78%     63.89% |           2      5.56%     69.44% |           5     13.89%     83.33% |           6     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total           36                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples           22                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total           22                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           14                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   138.571429                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean   137.534448                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    17.274767                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           2     14.29%     21.43% |           5     35.71%     57.14% |           6     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX            8762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS             289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock          289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock         8762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data         9051      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX          8694      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS           289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX            68      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock          289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data          289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock         8762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data         8762      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        6485    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total         6485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      172201    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total       172201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       75064    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total        75064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        7971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total         7971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         291    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        8847    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total         8847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         7971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        8833    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total         8833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        8847    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total         8847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         230    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |          75    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        8765    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         8765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        3148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         3148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      172124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total       172124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          68    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |          65    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |        3089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total         3089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       31502    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total        31502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        7902    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total         7902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       34725    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total        34725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        8834    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total         8834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        8765    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total         8765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |          68    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        8833    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total         8833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         291    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total          291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          65    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total         7906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |          34     11.15%     11.15% |          20      6.56%     17.70% |          19      6.23%     23.93% |          18      5.90%     29.84% |          19      6.23%     36.07% |          20      6.56%     42.62% |          19      6.23%     48.85% |          19      6.23%     55.08% |          18      5.90%     60.98% |          16      5.25%     66.23% |          16      5.25%     71.48% |          19      6.23%     77.70% |          16      5.25%     82.95% |          15      4.92%     87.87% |          16      5.25%     93.11% |          21      6.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total          305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |         560      6.34%      6.34% |         553      6.26%     12.60% |         555      6.28%     18.88% |         554      6.27%     25.16% |         552      6.25%     31.40% |         550      6.23%     37.63% |         551      6.24%     43.87% |         550      6.23%     50.10% |         552      6.25%     56.35% |         551      6.24%     62.58% |         551      6.24%     68.82% |         550      6.23%     75.05% |         551      6.24%     81.29% |         551      6.24%     87.52% |         551      6.24%     93.76% |         551      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total         8833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |         510      6.45%      6.45% |         495      6.26%     12.71% |         496      6.27%     18.99% |         495      6.26%     25.25% |         493      6.24%     31.48% |         491      6.21%     37.69% |         492      6.22%     43.92% |         492      6.22%     50.14% |         493      6.24%     56.37% |         491      6.21%     62.59% |         491      6.21%     68.80% |         493      6.24%     75.03% |         494      6.25%     81.28% |         492      6.22%     87.50% |         491      6.21%     93.71% |         497      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total         7906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only |           6      9.23%      9.23% |           3      4.62%     13.85% |           3      4.62%     18.46% |           4      6.15%     24.62% |           4      6.15%     30.77% |           4      6.15%     36.92% |           5      7.69%     44.62% |           4      6.15%     50.77% |           4      6.15%     56.92% |           4      6.15%     63.08% |           4      6.15%     69.23% |           4      6.15%     75.38% |           4      6.15%     81.54% |           4      6.15%     87.69% |           4      6.15%     93.85% |           4      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks  |         554      6.32%      6.32% |         548      6.25%     12.58% |         550      6.28%     18.85% |         549      6.27%     25.12% |         548      6.25%     31.37% |         546      6.23%     37.61% |         547      6.24%     43.85% |         546      6.23%     50.08% |         548      6.25%     56.33% |         547      6.24%     62.58% |         547      6.24%     68.82% |         546      6.23%     75.05% |         546      6.23%     81.28% |         546      6.23%     87.51% |         547      6.24%     93.76% |         547      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks::total         8762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data      |         581      6.42%      6.42% |         568      6.28%     12.69% |         569      6.29%     18.98% |         567      6.26%     25.25% |         567      6.26%     31.51% |         566      6.25%     37.76% |         565      6.24%     44.01% |         565      6.24%     50.25% |         566      6.25%     56.50% |         563      6.22%     62.72% |         563      6.22%     68.94% |         564      6.23%     75.17% |         560      6.19%     81.36% |         561      6.20%     87.56% |         563      6.22%     93.78% |         563      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data::total         9051                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           6      9.23%      9.23% |           3      4.62%     13.85% |           3      4.62%     18.46% |           4      6.15%     24.62% |           4      6.15%     30.77% |           4      6.15%     36.92% |           5      7.69%     44.62% |           4      6.15%     50.77% |           4      6.15%     56.92% |           4      6.15%     63.08% |           4      6.15%     69.23% |           4      6.15%     75.38% |           4      6.15%     81.54% |           4      6.15%     87.69% |           4      6.15%     93.85% |           4      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |         510      6.45%      6.45% |         495      6.26%     12.71% |         496      6.27%     18.99% |         495      6.26%     25.25% |         493      6.24%     31.48% |         491      6.21%     37.69% |         492      6.22%     43.92% |         492      6.22%     50.14% |         493      6.24%     56.37% |         491      6.21%     62.59% |         491      6.21%     68.80% |         493      6.24%     75.03% |         494      6.25%     81.28% |         492      6.22%     87.50% |         491      6.21%     93.71% |         497      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total         7906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          28      9.62%      9.62% |          20      6.87%     16.49% |          19      6.53%     23.02% |          18      6.19%     29.21% |          19      6.53%     35.74% |          20      6.87%     42.61% |          19      6.53%     49.14% |          19      6.53%     55.67% |          18      6.19%     61.86% |          16      5.50%     67.35% |          16      5.50%     72.85% |          18      6.19%     79.04% |          14      4.81%     83.85% |          15      5.15%     89.00% |          16      5.50%     94.50% |          16      5.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          291                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |         566      6.40%      6.40% |         553      6.25%     12.65% |         555      6.27%     18.92% |         554      6.26%     25.18% |         552      6.24%     31.42% |         550      6.22%     37.64% |         551      6.23%     43.87% |         550      6.22%     50.08% |         552      6.24%     56.32% |         551      6.23%     62.55% |         551      6.23%     68.78% |         551      6.23%     75.01% |         553      6.25%     81.26% |         551      6.23%     87.49% |         551      6.23%     93.72% |         556      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total         8847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |          27      9.34%      9.34% |          20      6.92%     16.26% |          19      6.57%     22.84% |          18      6.23%     29.07% |          19      6.57%     35.64% |          20      6.92%     42.56% |          18      6.23%     48.79% |          19      6.57%     55.36% |          18      6.23%     61.59% |          16      5.54%     67.13% |          16      5.54%     72.66% |          18      6.23%     78.89% |          14      4.84%     83.74% |          15      5.19%     88.93% |          16      5.54%     94.46% |          16      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total          289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |         548      6.30%      6.30% |         544      6.26%     12.56% |         545      6.27%     18.83% |         545      6.27%     25.10% |         544      6.26%     31.35% |         542      6.23%     37.59% |         543      6.25%     43.83% |         542      6.23%     50.07% |         544      6.26%     56.33% |         542      6.23%     62.56% |         543      6.25%     68.81% |         542      6.23%     75.04% |         542      6.23%     81.27% |         542      6.23%     87.51% |         542      6.23%     93.74% |         544      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total         8694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX |           6      8.82%      8.82% |           4      5.88%     14.71% |           5      7.35%     22.06% |           4      5.88%     27.94% |           4      5.88%     33.82% |           4      5.88%     39.71% |           4      5.88%     45.59% |           4      5.88%     51.47% |           4      5.88%     57.35% |           5      7.35%     64.71% |           4      5.88%     70.59% |           4      5.88%     76.47% |           4      5.88%     82.35% |           4      5.88%     88.24% |           5      7.35%     95.59% |           3      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only |           6      9.23%      9.23% |           3      4.62%     13.85% |           3      4.62%     18.46% |           4      6.15%     24.62% |           4      6.15%     30.77% |           4      6.15%     36.92% |           5      7.69%     44.62% |           4      6.15%     50.77% |           4      6.15%     56.92% |           4      6.15%     63.08% |           4      6.15%     69.23% |           4      6.15%     75.38% |           4      6.15%     81.54% |           4      6.15%     87.69% |           4      6.15%     93.85% |           4      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX |         510      6.45%      6.45% |         495      6.26%     12.71% |         496      6.27%     18.99% |         495      6.26%     25.25% |         493      6.24%     31.48% |         491      6.21%     37.69% |         492      6.22%     43.92% |         492      6.22%     50.14% |         493      6.24%     56.37% |         491      6.21%     62.59% |         491      6.21%     68.80% |         493      6.24%     75.03% |         494      6.25%     81.28% |         492      6.22%     87.50% |         491      6.21%     93.71% |         497      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX::total         7906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |           6     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           2     14.29%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           5     35.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |           6      8.45%      8.45% |           5      7.04%     15.49% |           5      7.04%     22.54% |           5      7.04%     29.58% |           4      5.63%     35.21% |           4      5.63%     40.85% |           4      5.63%     46.48% |           4      5.63%     52.11% |           4      5.63%     57.75% |           4      5.63%     63.38% |           4      5.63%     69.01% |           4      5.63%     74.65% |           5      7.04%     81.69% |           5      7.04%     88.73% |           4      5.63%     94.37% |           4      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA |           6      9.23%      9.23% |           3      4.62%     13.85% |           3      4.62%     18.46% |           4      6.15%     24.62% |           4      6.15%     30.77% |           4      6.15%     36.92% |           5      7.69%     44.62% |           4      6.15%     50.77% |           4      6.15%     56.92% |           4      6.15%     63.08% |           4      6.15%     69.23% |           4      6.15%     75.38% |           4      6.15%     81.54% |           4      6.15%     87.69% |           4      6.15%     93.85% |           4      6.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA |         510      6.45%      6.45% |         495      6.26%     12.71% |         496      6.27%     18.99% |         495      6.26%     25.25% |         493      6.24%     31.48% |         491      6.21%     37.69% |         492      6.22%     43.92% |         492      6.22%     50.14% |         493      6.24%     56.37% |         491      6.21%     62.59% |         491      6.21%     68.80% |         493      6.24%     75.03% |         494      6.25%     81.28% |         492      6.22%     87.50% |         491      6.21%     93.71% |         497      6.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA::total         7906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data  |          27      9.34%      9.34% |          20      6.92%     16.26% |          19      6.57%     22.84% |          18      6.23%     29.07% |          19      6.57%     35.64% |          20      6.92%     42.56% |          18      6.23%     48.79% |          19      6.57%     55.36% |          18      6.23%     61.59% |          16      5.54%     67.13% |          16      5.54%     72.66% |          18      6.23%     78.89% |          14      4.84%     83.74% |          15      5.19%     88.93% |          16      5.54%     94.46% |          16      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data::total          289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock |          27      9.34%      9.34% |          20      6.92%     16.26% |          19      6.57%     22.84% |          18      6.23%     29.07% |          19      6.57%     35.64% |          20      6.92%     42.56% |          18      6.23%     48.79% |          19      6.57%     55.36% |          18      6.23%     61.59% |          16      5.54%     67.13% |          16      5.54%     72.66% |          18      6.23%     78.89% |          14      4.84%     83.74% |          15      5.19%     88.93% |          16      5.54%     94.46% |          16      5.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock::total          289                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data  |         548      6.30%      6.30% |         544      6.26%     12.56% |         545      6.27%     18.83% |         545      6.27%     25.10% |         544      6.26%     31.35% |         542      6.23%     37.59% |         543      6.25%     43.83% |         542      6.23%     50.07% |         544      6.26%     56.33% |         542      6.23%     62.56% |         543      6.25%     68.81% |         542      6.23%     75.04% |         542      6.23%     81.27% |         542      6.23%     87.51% |         542      6.23%     93.74% |         544      6.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data::total         8694                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data |           6      8.82%      8.82% |           4      5.88%     14.71% |           5      7.35%     22.06% |           4      5.88%     27.94% |           4      5.88%     33.82% |           4      5.88%     39.71% |           4      5.88%     45.59% |           4      5.88%     51.47% |           4      5.88%     57.35% |           5      7.35%     64.71% |           4      5.88%     70.59% |           4      5.88%     76.47% |           4      5.88%     82.35% |           4      5.88%     88.24% |           5      7.35%     95.59% |           3      4.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks |         554      6.32%      6.32% |         548      6.25%     12.58% |         550      6.28%     18.85% |         549      6.27%     25.12% |         548      6.25%     31.37% |         546      6.23%     37.61% |         547      6.24%     43.85% |         546      6.23%     50.08% |         548      6.25%     56.33% |         547      6.24%     62.58% |         547      6.24%     68.82% |         546      6.23%     75.05% |         546      6.23%     81.28% |         546      6.23%     87.51% |         547      6.24%     93.76% |         547      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks::total         8762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock |         554      6.32%      6.32% |         548      6.25%     12.58% |         550      6.28%     18.85% |         549      6.27%     25.12% |         548      6.25%     31.37% |         546      6.23%     37.61% |         547      6.24%     43.85% |         546      6.23%     50.08% |         548      6.25%     56.33% |         547      6.24%     62.58% |         547      6.24%     68.82% |         546      6.23%     75.05% |         546      6.23%     81.28% |         546      6.23%     87.51% |         547      6.24%     93.76% |         547      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock::total         8762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |           6      8.45%      8.45% |           5      7.04%     15.49% |           5      7.04%     22.54% |           5      7.04%     29.58% |           4      5.63%     35.21% |           4      5.63%     40.85% |           4      5.63%     46.48% |           4      5.63%     52.11% |           4      5.63%     57.75% |           4      5.63%     63.38% |           4      5.63%     69.01% |           4      5.63%     74.65% |           5      7.04%     81.69% |           5      7.04%     88.73% |           4      5.63%     94.37% |           4      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock |           6     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           2     14.29%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           5     35.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock::total           14                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
